For many years.


I, I was thinking that I, I don't have the tools


to develop my growing up as, as professional


with our interviews.


I, I, I take on good that I, that I, I, I am doing,


I can work on that and I can improve that.


It proved my technical skills.


It improve my algorithm thinking.


But all of that are, are things that I can study for myself


with our meetings.


I get back and I recovery my confidence.


I and I value how it's going from the past


until, until now.


How be is the growing. I see that.


I value that and I see it, and I say, say to me, say myself.


You have have skills. You have tools. You have a knowledge.


You have a personality. Jose, you can do that.


Hi, I'm Maje.


And I would like to say that I am really grateful


for all the effort, knowledge, all the patients


that I have been given by Patrick.


My experience was quite typical.


I believe I bought several courses in Udemy,


and in the end I spent a lot of money.


I wouldn't recommend those, those courses to anyone.


'cause it's not about having, uh, tons of knowledge


to learn, but learn how to learn


and have a teacher who can give you the answers


for all you need.


And this was the way I started


to reach those milestones on my roadway


to reach this final goal.


Thanks to his approach, the attitude


of learning things in more efficient way.


I believe I, I did a very big step forward.


And finally, I, I just reached the


position I was looking for.


Your content is very, very good. Mm-hmm. I love that.


Because for example, your chapter


that you have about brain as a computer mm-hmm.


I have seen in other, in other courses that I take,


I don't know if you're familiarized with, uh, zero


to mastery, zero to Mastery.


Yeah. They have a module. It, it's,


it's just like your brain as a computer.


Mm-hmm. They have a module for that,


but they don't explain it very well.


They don't have the content that you have.


Actually, your content is pretty good. Oh, thank you.


Uh, no, no, it's very variable


because, you know, for, for example, you mentioned a lot


of techniques, and I like that


because for example, for a junior developer


or a mid developer, those, those things are, are bold.


Mm-hmm. Because normally you are very,


you have a very imposter syndrome about,


I cannot memorize things ing it's pretty difficult.


But with those tools that you gave,


and like for example, I remember


that you were drawing things in your,


in a, in a whiteboard, right?


You were explaining how memory works,


but with software associations


and this, it was, it was really fun.


It, it'll always help me to talk with you


because sometimes I, I, I think I, I, I lose some


of my confidence


because I, I, I think the challenges are too big.


But then now I, I remember I have,


I have the skills, I have the experience.


So if this is not the company,


I have some other opportunities.


I have to continue learning. That's the important thing.


I have to keep this, as you said, in the, in the, in the,


in some videos I remember like this


scientific approach, right?


Trying some stuff, validating


hypothesis and learning from the process.


It's really nice to have this conversations every week,


because sometimes I think I tend to forget it,


and then when we have our call, I recover it again.


So thank you for that, Patrick.


Seriously, I started to have a, a bunch


of processing interview and process invitations.


When I started to apply everything


that I learned in the new program.


The first thing that, that I remember


that was very useful was the first technical


interview that we had.


We have been talk a lot about this freelancing model


that you expose in your, in your course.


Mm-hmm. Last week I had a call with, with one guy


that wanted to hire me.


I, as a freelancer, they didn't, they negotiated,


they sent me a message and they told me, okay,


you are in, we want to work with you.


So I was talking my, in my job that I was taking a program


that helped me a lot,


and most of them were like, no, dude,


that's, that's an scam.


I was like, no, it is not. So, oh s**t.


In the startup that I was until today, f**k,


I was very burned out actually.


So I was kind of stressful every day.


So right now that I'm very chill,


I'm very calmed down, very relaxed.


Dude. Thank you so much. Everything.


This is started to be question


because I just took your prayer.